{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 2: The Foundation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 11: "The 1% vs Everyone"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Mapped-Out Rebel,\
You know your enemies now\'97the faces behind the facade. But zoom out: this isn't random villains; it's 
\f0\b class warfare
\f1\b0 , engineered for one side to win every time. The 
\f0\b 1%
\f1\b0  aren't lucky; they've designed a system that concentrates wealth upward like gravity inverted. You're the counterforce\'97if you unite.\
The 
\f0\b design of the wealth concentration system
\f1\b0  is no accident. Post-WWII prosperity built a middle class through unions, fair taxes, and regulations. Then came the counter-revolution: Reagan-Thatcher deregulation, NAFTA offshoring, and the gig economy. Today, algorithms match you to low-wage jobs while CEOs extract billions. Stock buybacks (legalized theft) let execs pump shares, cash out, and leave workers with crumbs. The top 1% owns more than the bottom 90% combined\'97$50 trillion vs. scraps. It's a pyramid scheme where the base erodes to build the peak.\
Exploitation hits on three fronts:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Labor
\f1\b0  \'96 Wages stagnate while productivity soars. You work harder for the same pay; bosses pocket the difference. Amazon warehouses track your every step, firing for bathroom breaks. Unions crushed, strikes demonized.\

\f0\b Consumer
\f1\b0  \'96 Predatory pricing, planned obsolescence, data mining. Your phone spies, your credit card fees compound, your "choices" funnel profits to monopolies.\

\f0\b Tax
\f1\b0  \'96 The rich pay 8% effective rates via loopholes; you pay 22%. Offshore havens hide trillions. Corporate welfare: bailouts for banks, subsidies for oil\'97your taxes fund their yachts.\
This breeds the 
\f0\b dependency trap
\f1\b0 : Debt for education, housing, health keeps you chained\'97working two jobs, fearing job loss. Miss a payment, credit tanks, opportunities vanish. The 1% thrives on your desperation; resistance feels impossible.\
But here's their nightmare: 
\f0\b the power of the 99% through solidarity.
\f1\b0  History proves it\'97labor strikes birthed weekends, civil rights marches toppled Jim Crow. Divided, you lose; united, you're unstoppable. Boycotts bankrupt brands; mass non-compliance crashes systems. The 99% has numbers, endurance, the moral high ground. They have money, but we have the streets, the factories, the votes\'97if mobilized.\

\f0\b Resistance starts with refusal
\f1\b0 : Share resources, form co-ops, demand audits. Solidarity isn't charity; it's strategy. Break the trap by building parallel power\'97community gardens over corporate food, mutual aid over banks.\
Next: "Corporate Capture." How the 1% doesn't just hoard\'97they hijack the state itself.\
You're the many. Act like it.\
Anthony\
}