{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 2: The Foundation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 12: "Corporate Capture"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear United Front,\
You've mapped the class war, seen the 1% hoard and exploit. But their true fortress isn't vaults\'97it's 
\f0\b institutions we built for the public good, now hijacked wholesale.
\f1\b0  This is 
\f0\b corporate capture
\f1\b0 : the total takeover where regulators become servants, laws shield predators, and every lever of society bends to profit. It's not infiltration; it's ownership.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Regulatory capture
\f1\b0  starts with insiders. Agencies meant to oversee industries are flooded with their experts\'97ex-executives who "advise" while advancing old agendas. The FCC, tasked with fair telecom, is packed with Verizon alumni who gut net neutrality. The USDA, protecting farmers, rubber-stamps Monsanto's GMOs amid revolving hires. Rules get written in boardrooms, not for safety, but to minimize liability. Result: poisoned water (Flint), faulty cars (Boeing), addictive drugs (Purdue Pharma)\'97all "approved."\
The 
\f0\b lobbying industrial complex
\f1\b0  amplifies it. $3.5 billion spent annually in D.C. alone\'97pharma, finance, energy leading the pack. Lobbyists aren't outsiders; they're former lawmakers (80% of ex-Congress members lobby). They host fundraisers, draft bills, and kill threats in committee. One example: Big Tech spent $100 million in 2023 to block antitrust, ensuring monopolies thrive.\
Then the 
\f0\b revolving door scam
\f1\b0 : Officials cycle between government and corporations like musical chairs. A Treasury Secretary becomes Goldman Sachs chair; an FDA head joins Pfizer's board. It's legal\'97post-employment "cooling off" periods ignored via loopholes. This breeds capture: Decisions today buy jobs tomorrow, prioritizing industry over public.\

\f0\b Corporate welfare and tax advantages
\f1\b0  drain the rest. Trillions in subsidies: $20 billion yearly to fossil fuels despite climate crisis; farm bills fattening agribusiness, not small farmers. Taxes? Zero for giants like Amazon (paying pennies on billions via deductions). Profits soar; infrastructure crumbles on your dime.\
Capture extends tentacles:\

\f0\b Media
\f1\b0 \'97as we saw, owned and ad-dependent.\

\f0\b Education
\f1\b0 \'97universities take corporate grants, churning grads for cubicles, not critical thinkers; adjuncts scrape while admins balloon.\

\f0\b Healthcare
\f1\b0 \'97insurers dictate coverage, pharma prices pills like luxury goods, hospitals merge into profit machines leaving ERs overwhelmed.\
This isn't failure; it's 
\f0\b success for them.
\f1\b0  Institutions serve shareholders, not citizens. But capture has cracks\'97whistleblowers, leaks, public outrage. Expose it, and legitimacy erodes.\
Next: "Building Your Network." Lone wolves get hunted; packs endure.\
Reclaim what's yours.\
Anthony\
}