{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 2: The Foundation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 13: "Building Your Network"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Networked Ally,\
You've captured institutions, exposed the capture. But lone wolves starve; revolutions thrive on webs. 
\f0\b Networks aren't crowds\'97they're alliances forged in fire.
\f1\b0  This letter arms you to build one that endures: tight, trusted, unstoppable.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Quality over quantity
\f1\b0  is rule one. A hundred casual likes won't topple a tyrant; five ride-or-die comrades will. Seek depth: people who show up at midnight, share risks, and keep secrets. Vetting matters\'97test with small asks first (a flyer run, a tip-off), then escalate. Shallow ties fracture under pressure; deep ones hold.\

\f0\b Values alignment and commitment
\f1\b0  bind it. Recruit those who share your core: justice over profit, solidarity over spotlight. No room for opportunists chasing clout or infiltrators sowing doubt. Commitment shows in actions\'97consistent, selfless. Ask: Do they fight for the cause or their ego? Align on ends (overthrow capture) but flex on means; unity crumbles on purity tests.\

\f0\b Trust and skill diversity
\f1\b0  make it lethal. Trust builds slow: shared hardships, kept promises, no snitching. Diversify skills like an arsenal\'97your researcher maps data, the artist crafts memes, the organizer rallies crowds, the lawyer spots traps. A mechanic fixes protest vans; a teacher educates recruits. No duplicates; fill gaps. This turns a group into a machine: each piece amplifies the whole.\

\f0\b Geographic spread and long-term building
\f1\b0  scale it. Start local, but link outward\'97digital tools connect allies across states without borders. Build slow: events, mutual aid, debriefs. Long-term means nurturing: check-ins, skill-shares, succession plans. Networks atrophy without care; invest like family.\

\f0\b Maintenance is ongoing war.
\f1\b0  Conflicts arise\'97mediate fast. Burnout hits\'97rotate roles. Threats loom\'97comms protocols (Signal, not SMS). Celebrate wins to sustain morale. Prune dead weight; evolve with needs.\
Your network is power multiplied. The 1% has money; you have people. Weave it well, and cracks become chasms.\
Next: "Legal Revolution." Law isn't their weapon only\'97wield it back.\
Forge ahead,\
Anthony\
}