{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 3: The Arsenal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 17: "Stay in Your Lane"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Focused Warrior,\
Power's illusion is pierced; now wield your arsenal wisely. The enemy scatters you with distractions\'97endless crises, viral outrages, "do everything" demands. Fall for it, and your energy evaporates. 
\f0\b Stay in your lane
\f1\b0 : specialize, master, conquer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The scattered energy problem
\f1\b0  kills more movements than cops. You see injustice everywhere\'97pollution here, evictions there, corruption yonder. Rage pulls you thin: protests one day, petitions the next, endless scrolling. Result? Half-measures, burnout, wins nowhere. Energy is a battery; drain it across fronts, and you flicker out. The system loves this\'97divided, we're impotent.\

\f0\b Focus advantage and mastery
\f1\b0  flips the script. Narrow your beam: one issue, one tactic, one target. Mastery compounds\'97weeks in, you're not novice; you're expert. A scattered activist shouts into voids; a specialist drills through armor. Alinsky knew: "Pick the target." Your lane lets depth replace breadth, turning you into the go-to force on 
\f2\i your
\f1\i0  front. Allies defer; enemies fear.\

\f0\b Finding your unique contribution
\f1\b0  starts with self-audit. What skills light you up? Your tech savvy hacks surveillance? Your storytelling exposes lies? Your organizing rallies crowds? Match to the fight: if your lane's local water poisoning, become the data diver mapping contaminants, not the generalist yelling at clouds. Uniqueness scales\'97others fill gaps, but your edge carves breakthroughs.\

\f0\b Building expertise and credibility
\f1\b0  cements it. Study deep: read reports, interview victims, test tactics. Document wins\'97before/afters, testimonials\'97to build rep. Credibility draws recruits, funds, media. Speak from scars, not scripts; authority follows proof.\
Stay in lane, and your slice of the wall falls first, inspiring the chain reaction.\
Next: "Exploit Their Weaknesses." Force them off terrain, expose the soft underbelly.\
Lane locked. Drive.\
Anthony\
}