{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 1: The Awakening\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Letter 2: "Follow the Money"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Dear Friend,\
You\'92ve seen the lies. Now let\'92s trace where they come from\'97and where they lead.\
Every deception you uncovered in the last letter had one thing in common: 
\f0\b money
\f1\b0 . Not just cash in pockets, but rivers of it flowing through politics, media, and policy like blood through a living organism. If you want to understand power, stop listening to speeches. 
\f0\b Follow the money.
\f1\b0 \
Start with the Supreme Court\'92s 2010 
\f0\b Citizens United
\f1\b0  decision. Five justices ruled that corporations are people and money is speech. Overnight, billionaires and multinational conglomerates gained the legal right to drown elections in anonymous donations. Super PACs exploded. A single donor\'97Sheldon Adelson, the Koch brothers, George Soros, take your pick\'97can now outspend an entire city\'92s voters. Democracy didn\'92t die in darkness; it drowned in dark money.\
Walk into Washington, D.C. today and you\'92ll find 
\f0\b over 11,000 registered lobbyists
\f1\b0 \'97that\'92s more than 20 for every member of Congress. They don\'92t knock on doors; they 
\f2\i own
\f1\i0  the buildings. Pharmaceutical companies spent $375 million lobbying in 2023 alone to keep drug prices sky-high. Oil giants funnel hundreds of millions to block climate legislation. These aren\'92t bribes in briefcases\'97they\'92re 
\f0\b legalized influence
\f1\b0 , wrapped in think-tank reports and campaign contributions.\
Now look at the media you consume. 
\f0\b Six corporations
\f1\b0  control 90% of what you see, hear, and read: Disney, Comcast, Warner Bros. Discovery, Paramount, News Corp, and Sony. Their boards interlock with the same banks, hedge funds, and defense contractors that profit from war and deregulation. When a story threatens their bottom line\'97say, exposing Pfizer\'92s price gouging or Boeing\'92s safety failures\'97it gets buried under celebrity scandals and culture-war bait.\
Then there\'92s the 
\f0\b think-tank industrial complex
\f1\b0 . Outfits like the Heritage Foundation, Brookings, or the Cato Institute sound scholarly, but they\'92re funded by the same donors who write the checks to politicians. Their \'93research\'94 isn\'92t neutral\'97it\'92s 
\f0\b weaponized policy
\f1\b0 , laundered through academic prestige to justify tax cuts for the rich or deregulation for polluters.\
And don\'92t forget the 
\f0\b revolving door
\f1\b0 . Watch a regulator at the FDA approve a sketchy drug, then take a seven-figure job at the same pharma company six months later. See a general push for war on TV, then join the board of a defense contractor. This isn\'92t corruption by accident\'97it\'92s the 
\f0\b system working as designed
\f1\b0 .\
The money doesn\'92t just buy policy. It buys silence. It buys narratives. It buys 
\f2\i you
\f1\i0 \'97through the ads you see, the news you trust, the candidates you\'92re allowed to choose from.\
But here\'92s the secret they don\'92t want you to know: 
\f0\b money only has power because we let it.
\f1\b0  Every dollar in a campaign chest, every lobbyist\'92s expense account, every media merger\'97it all depends on a system 
\f2\i we
\f1\i0  keep running by playing along.\
In the next letter, we\'92ll see how this rigged financial game hardens into a political machine that crushes anyone who threatens it. But for now, remember:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 The truth isn\'92t hidden. It\'92s bought.
\f1\b0 \
Keep your eyes open,\
Anthony\
}