{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 3: The Arsenal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 21: "Make It Fun"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Joyful Saboteur,\
You've turned their hypocrisy into punchlines. Now 
\f0\b keep the fire burning with laughter, not rage.
\f1\b0 \
Alinsky\'92s rule: 
\f0\b A good tactic is one your people enjoy.
\f1\b0 \
Anger sparks; 
\f0\b joy sustains.
\f1\b0  Make the fight feel like a festival, and your army grows.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Engagement sustains momentum\'97joy combats burnout
\f1\b0 \
Grim marches fizzle after one rainy day. But a 
\f0\b carnival of resistance
\f1\b0 ? People bring friends. Dress as clowns to mock boardroom suits. Turn a picket line into a block party with brass bands and free food. The goal: 
\f0\b leave energized, not exhausted.
\f1\b0  Joy is armor\'97cops look foolish arresting a conga line.\

\f0\b Involve participants emotionally and playfully
\f1\b0 \
Give roles that spark delight:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Puppeteers
\f1\b0  build giant CEO heads on sticks.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flash-mob dancers
\f1\b0  hijack corporate lobbies with choreographed shame.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Meme brigades
\f1\b0  flood comment sections with inside jokes. Play turns drudgery into dopamine. A kid spray-painting a stenciled slogan remembers it for life.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Tactics that feel like victories build loyalty
\f1\b0 \
Small, silly wins compound:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Renaming a street \'93Tax Dodger Lane\'94 with temporary signs.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Delivering a \'93Worst Boss\'94 trophy to the office in a parade.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Crashing shareholder calls with kazoo interruptions. Each laugh is a 
\f0\b micro-victory
\f1\b0 , proof you\'92re not powerless. Loyalty follows fun; volunteers return for the vibe, not just the cause.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \strokec2 Fun multiplies participation and creativity
\f1\b0 \
Joy lowers the entry bar\'97grandmas join drum circles, teens design viral skits. Creativity explodes: one group turns eviction notices into paper airplanes launched at city hall. Another stages a \'93funeral for democracy\'94 with a brass band and fake coffin. 
\f0\b Fun is contagious; misery is not.
\f1\b0 \
The powerful want you dour, divided, depleted.\

\f0\b Defeat them by dancing.
\f1\b0 \
Next: 
\f0\b "Keep It Fresh."
\f1\b0  Stale tactics die; surprise lives.\
Play hard. Win harder.\
Anthony\
}