{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 1: The Awakening\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Letter 3: "The Rigged Game"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Dear Friend,\
You\'92ve followed the money. Now watch how it 
\f0\b locks the doors
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b tilts the table
\f1\b0  so the same players always win.\
The system isn\'92t broken\'97it\'92s 
\f0\b rigged by design
\f1\b0 , and every rule is written to protect the house.\
Start with 
\f0\b gerrymandering
\f1\b0 . Politicians don\'92t just run in districts; they 
\f2\i draw
\f1\i0  them. Using AI-powered software, they slice neighborhoods like pizza to pack opponents into a few safe seats and spread their own voters across the rest. In North Carolina, Republicans drew maps so precise that they won 10 of 13 congressional seats with only 50% of the vote. In Maryland, Democrats did the same. The result? 
\f0\b Your vote only counts if you live in the right-shaped box.
\f1\b0 \
Then there\'92s 
\f0\b voter suppression
\f1\b0 \'97quiet, legal, and relentless. In Georgia, Texas, and Florida, new laws close polling places in Black and Latino neighborhoods, purge voter rolls with surgical precision, and demand IDs that millions don\'92t have. They call it \'93election integrity.\'94 It\'92s 
\f0\b disenfranchisement with a smile.
\f1\b0  Between 2016 and 2020, over 20 million Americans were removed from voter lists\'97mostly in low-income and minority areas.\
Now look at the 
\f0\b Electoral College
\f1\b0 , a relic from 1787 when slave states wanted extra power. Today, a voter in Wyoming has 
\f0\b 3.6 times
\f1\b0  the electoral weight of a voter in California. In 2000 and 2016, the loser of the popular vote became president. The message is clear: 
\f0\b Your voice matters\'97unless you live in the wrong state.
\f1\b0 \
The Senate is even worse. 
\f0\b Two senators per state
\f1\b0 , no matter the population. California (40 million people) gets the same voice as Wyoming (580,000). That means 
\f0\b 70 million Americans in the biggest states are silenced
\f1\b0  so a minority in rural strongholds can block healthcare, climate action, or gun reform. It\'92s not representation\'97it\'92s 
\f0\b structural minority rule.
\f1\b0 \
And the Supreme Court? Once a check on power, now a 
\f0\b crown jewel of capture
\f1\b0 . Lifetime appointments mean one party can stack the bench for decades. After Trump appointed three justices, the Court gutted voting rights, overturned Roe v. Wade, and green-lit unlimited corporate cash in politics. 
\f0\b Six unelected justices
\f1\b0  now override the will of 330 million people.\
Finally, 
\f0\b corporate capture
\f1\b0  seals the deal. Agencies like the FCC, EPA, and SEC aren\'92t regulating industries\'97they\'92re 
\f2\i run by them
\f1\i0 . Lobbyists write the rules. CEOs become cabinet secretaries. The FDA approves drugs that kill. The FAA certifies planes that crash. The system doesn\'92t fail\'97it 
\f0\b succeeds for the few.
\f1\b0 \
This isn\'92t democracy. It\'92s 
\f0\b oligarchy with extra steps.
\f1\b0 \
The game is rigged from the ballot box to the boardroom. But here\'92s the truth they fear:\

\f0\b A rigged game can still be flipped\'97if enough players wake up and refuse to play.
\f1\b0 \
Next, we\'92ll see what happens when someone actually threatens the table\'97like Bernie Sanders.\
Spoiler: They don\'92t let him sit down.\
Stay sharp,\
Anthony\
}