{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 1: The Awakening\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Letter 4: "What They Did to Bernie"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Dear Friend,\
You\'92ve seen the rigged game. Now meet the player who dared to challenge it\'97and how the establishment crushed him. Bernie Sanders wasn\'92t a radical; he was a mirror reflecting the rot. His 2016 and 2020 campaigns exposed what happens when a genuine threat emerges: the machine activates, not with tanks, but with coordinated sabotage.\
Start with the 
\f0\b media blackout
\f1\b0 . In 2016, Sanders surged from nowhere, drawing massive crowds and winning primaries. But coverage? CNN, MSNBC, and the New York Times treated him like a footnote. A study by FAIR found Sanders received just 10% of the airtime that Hillary Clinton got during key months. When he spoke truth about income inequality or Medicare for All, anchors pivoted to horse-race trivia or dismissed him as "unelectable." Fox News barely mentioned him unless to smear. Why? Ownership ties: Comcast (MSNBC) lobbies for telecom monopolies; Disney (ABC) profits from the status quo. Bernie threatened their sponsors' bottom lines, so he got erased from the script.\
Then came the 
\f0\b DNC manipulation
\f1\b0 . The Democratic National Committee, meant to be neutral, rigged the rules. 
\f0\b Superdelegates
\f1\b0 \'97party insiders like governors, donors, and elites\'97held 15% of the votes, unbound by primaries. In 2016, they pledged en masse to Clinton before a single vote was cast, creating an illusion of inevitability. Leaked DNC emails confirmed the bias: Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz called Sanders' team "a bunch of assholes" and plotted to undermine him. The joint fundraising agreement funneled Sanders' small-dollar donations to Clinton's machine. When he won states like Michigan by landslides, the DNC buried the results under superdelegate math. By 2020, they tweaked rules again, but the damage was done\'97Bernie suspended, not defeated.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Corporate pressure
\f1\b0  sealed it. Wall Street donors, who poured $1.5 billion into Clinton's coffers, coordinated blackouts and smears. Think tanks funded by billionaires flooded op-eds with warnings of Bernie's "socialism." Establishment Democrats like Pelosi and Schumer whispered to donors: Back us, or watch your taxes rise. Even after Bernie endorsed Clinton, the party ignored his platform, opting for incrementalism that preserved corporate power.\
This is the 
\f0\b establishment response to progressive threats
\f1\b0 : Co-opt, marginalize, or destroy. Sanders proved the system works\'97millions mobilized, but the rules bent back. He wasn't perfect, but he forced the conversation on wealth gaps and healthcare. Yet the machine adapted, learning to preempt outsiders with purity tests and donor vetoes.\
Bernie showed us the blueprint for resistance\'97and how it's neutralized. But next, we'll dissect the media's role deeper, because without their lies, the game couldn't hide.\
The fight isn't over.\
Anthony\
}