{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 2: The Foundation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 8: "Finding Your Fight"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Awakened Friend,\
You\'92ve chosen truth. Now the real work begins: 
\f0\b turning anger into action without burning out.
\f1\b0 \
The system wants you scattered, furious at everything, exhausted by everything. That\'92s how it wins. This letter is your compass\'97how to 
\f0\b find your fight
\f1\b0  and keep it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Burnout is the first trap.
\f1\b0 \
Activists crash when they try to fix the world in a weekend. Climate, healthcare, war, racism, poverty\'97each is a hydra. Chase every head and you\'92re drained before you strike. The secret? 
\f0\b Energy is finite. Focus is force.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b The power of focus over scattered energy
\f1\b0 \
A laser cuts steel; sunlight warms skin. Same energy, different concentration. Pick 
\f0\b one issue
\f1\b0  that keeps you up at night\'97not because it\'92s the only one, but because it\'92s 
\f2\i yours
\f1\i0 . Maybe it\'92s the hospital bills that bankrupted your family. Maybe it\'92s the factory poisoning your river. Maybe it\'92s the prison pipeline swallowing your community. 
\f0\b Personal connection is jet fuel.
\f1\b0  It turns abstract outrage into unbreakable drive.\

\f0\b Strategic choice of battles
\f1\b0 \
Not all fights are equal. Ask three questions:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Can I win?
\f1\b0  (Start small, win often.)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Does it scale?
\f1\b0  (Local victories teach tactics that go national.)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Does it hurt them?
\f1\b0  (Target pressure points\'97money, reputation, legitimacy.) A school board banning books? Fight there. A senator taking oil cash? Expose it. 
\f0\b Winnable, visible, painful.
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Community and long-term commitment
\f1\b0 \
Your fight isn\'92t solo. Find the others already in the trenches\'97parents at PTA meetings, workers on lunch breaks, neighbors at town halls. 
\f0\b Shared struggle builds unbreakable bonds.
\f1\b0  This isn\'92t a sprint; it\'92s a relay. Train successors, document wins, pass the torch.\

\f0\b Action step (your first real one):
\f1\b0 \
Sit with a pen and paper. Write the issue that 
\f0\b infuriates and energizes
\f1\b0  you. Circle the people already affected. Underline the decision-maker with power to change it. That\'92s your battlefield.\
The revolution doesn\'92t need a million martyrs. It needs 
\f0\b a million specialists
\f1\b0 , each mastering one crack in the wall until the whole thing crumbles.\
Next letter: 
\f0\b Start Where You Are.
\f1\b0  No permission, no funding, no perfect moment\'97just you, today, right now.\
Choose your fight.\
Anthony\
}