{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Book 2: The Foundation\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 Letter 9: "Start Where You Are"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \strokec2 Dear Focused Fighter,\
You've picked your battle. Now the system whispers excuses: "Wait for the perfect plan. Get permission. Raise millions first." That's the 
\f0\b permission problem
\f1\b0 \'97the myth that revolution needs a hall pass from the powerful. It doesn't. 
\f0\b No one grants you the right to resist; you take it.
\f1\b0 \
The 
\f0\b perfect moment is a myth
\f1\b0 , too. History's changemakers didn't wait for ideal conditions. Rosa Parks didn't poll for approval; she sat down on a bus. The Stonewall rioters didn't fundraise\'97they fought back in a bar. Timing is now, because delay is surrender. The machine thrives on procrastination; it counts on you scrolling instead of acting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Start where you are.
\f1\b0  Your neighborhood, workplace, community\'97these are your front lines. The grocery store where prices soar, the town hall where decisions get rubber-stamped, the office where bosses squeeze overtime without pay. Local power is tangible: a school board meeting, a city council vote, a union drive. Disrupt there, and ripples spread. A neighborhood watch against predatory landlords becomes a tenants' union. A workplace gripe session evolves into a strike fund.\

\f0\b Use what you have\'97resources and skills already in your toolkit.
\f1\b0  No budget? Leverage free tools: social media for calls to action, libraries for research, sidewalks for flyering. Your skills? If you're a teacher, educate on the issues. A mechanic? Fix bikes for community rides to protests. A parent? Organize playdates that double as strategy sessions. Creativity trumps cash every time. Barter time with allies; share rides, meals, ideas.\
This is 
\f0\b local revolution as foundation.
\f1\b0  Big changes\'97overthrowing corporate rule, rewriting laws\'97build from ground up. National movements falter without roots; they get co-opted or starved. But a hundred small wins compound: one park reclaimed, one corrupt official shamed, one community fed. You're not waiting for saviors; you're becoming one, block by block.\
Next: "Know Your Enemy." Mapping the real power holders, because shadows hide, but they can be dragged into the light.\
No more waiting. Act today.\
Anthony\
}